README.md, before:

# ⚡️ Awesome Performance [![Awesome](https://cdn.rawgit.com/sindresorhus/awesome/d7305f38d29fed78fa85652e3a63e154dd8e8829/media/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome)

A curated list of awesome performance stories.

| Date | Summary w/ link |
| --- | --- |
| 2025/03/09 | [Meta made 1-character change to free up 15k servers of capacity per year](https://www.theregister.com/2025/03/09/ebpf_meta_servers/) |
| 2020/08/05 | [How to speed up the Rust compiler some more in 2020](https://blog.mozilla.org/nnethercote/2020/08/05/how-to-speed-up-the-rust-compiler-some-more-in-2020/) |
| 2020/04/24 | [How to speed up the Rust compiler in 2020](https://blog.mozilla.org/nnethercote/2020/04/24/how-to-speed-up-the-rust-compiler-in-2020/) |
| 2019/12/11 | [How to speed up the Rust compiler one last time in 2019](https://blog.mozilla.org/nnethercote/2019/12/11/how-to-speed-up-the-rust-compiler-one-last-time-in-2019/) |
| 2019/10/11 | [How to speed up the Rust compiler some more in 2019](https://blog.mozilla.org/nnethercote/2019/10/11/how-to-speed-up-the-rust-compiler-some-more-in-2019/) |
| 2019/07/17 | [How to speed up the Rust compiler in 2019](https://blog.mozilla.org/nnethercote/2019/07/17/how-to-speed-up-the-rust-compiler-in-2019/) |
| 2018/11/06 | [How to speed up the Rust compiler in 2018: NLL edition](https://blog.mozilla.org/nnethercote/2018/11/06/how-to-speed-up-the-rust-compiler-in-2018-nll-edition/) |
| 2018/06/05 | [How to speed up the Rust compiler some more in 2018](https://blog.mozilla.org/nnethercote/2018/06/05/how-to-speed-up-the-rust-compiler-some-more-in-2018/) |
| 2018/04/30 | [How to speed up the Rust compiler in 2018](https://blog.mozilla.org/nnethercote/2018/04/30/how-to-speed-up-the-rust-compiler-in-2018/) |
| 2016/11/23 | [How to speed up the Rust compiler some more](https://blog.mozilla.org/nnethercote/2016/11/23/how-to-speed-up-the-rust-compiler-some-more/) |
| 2016/10/14 | [How to speed up the Rust compiler](https://blog.mozilla.org/nnethercote/2016/10/14/how-to-speed-up-the-rust-compiler/) |

Commit message:

Added more Rust compiler blog posts

README.md, after:

# ⚡️ Awesome Performance [![Awesome](https://cdn.rawgit.com/sindresorhus/awesome/d7305f38d29fed78fa85652e3a63e154dd8e8829/media/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome)

A curated list of awesome performance stories.

| Date | Summary w/ link |
| --- | --- |
| 2025/03/19 | [How to speed up the Rust compiler in March 2025](https://nnethercote.github.io/2025/03/19/how-to-speed-up-the-rust-compiler-in-march-2025.html) |
| 2025/03/09 | [Meta made 1-character change to free up 15k servers of capacity per year](https://www.theregister.com/2025/03/09/ebpf_meta_servers/) |
| 2024/03/06 | [How to speed up the Rust compiler in March 2024](https://nnethercote.github.io/2024/03/06/how-to-speed-up-the-rust-compiler-in-march-2024.html) |
| 2023/08/25 | [How to speed up the Rust compiler in August 2023](https://nnethercote.github.io/2023/08/25/how-to-speed-up-the-rust-compiler-in-august-2023.html) |
| 2023/03/24 | [How to speed up the Rust compiler in March 2023](https://nnethercote.github.io/2023/03/24/how-to-speed-up-the-rust-compiler-in-march-2023.html) |
| 2022/10/27 | [How to speed up the Rust compiler in October 2022](https://nnethercote.github.io/2022/10/27/how-to-speed-up-the-rust-compiler-in-october-2022.html) |
| 2022/07/20 | [How to speed up the Rust compiler in July 2022](https://nnethercote.github.io/2022/07/20/how-to-speed-up-the-rust-compiler-in-july-2022.html) |
| 2022/04/12 | [How to speed up the Rust compiler in April 2022](https://nnethercote.github.io/2022/04/12/how-to-speed-up-the-rust-compiler-in-april-2022.html) |
| 2022/02/25 | [How to speed up the Rust compiler in 2022](https://nnethercote.github.io/2022/02/25/how-to-speed-up-the-rust-compiler-in-2022.html) |
| 2021/11/12 | [The Rust compiler has gotten faster again](https://nnethercote.github.io/2021/11/12/the-rust-compiler-has-gotten-faster-again.html) |
| 2020/08/05 | [How to speed up the Rust compiler some more in 2020](https://blog.mozilla.org/nnethercote/2020/08/05/how-to-speed-up-the-rust-compiler-some-more-in-2020/) |
| 2020/04/24 | [How to speed up the Rust compiler in 2020](https://blog.mozilla.org/nnethercote/2020/04/24/how-to-speed-up-the-rust-compiler-in-2020/) |
| 2019/12/11 | [How to speed up the Rust compiler one last time in 2019](https://blog.mozilla.org/nnethercote/2019/12/11/how-to-speed-up-the-rust-compiler-one-last-time-in-2019/) |
| 2019/10/11 | [How to speed up the Rust compiler some more in 2019](https://blog.mozilla.org/nnethercote/2019/10/11/how-to-speed-up-the-rust-compiler-some-more-in-2019/) |
| 2019/07/17 | [How to speed up the Rust compiler in 2019](https://blog.mozilla.org/nnethercote/2019/07/17/how-to-speed-up-the-rust-compiler-in-2019/) |
| 2018/11/06 | [How to speed up the Rust compiler in 2018: NLL edition](https://blog.mozilla.org/nnethercote/2018/11/06/how-to-speed-up-the-rust-compiler-in-2018-nll-edition/) |
| 2018/06/05 | [How to speed up the Rust compiler some more in 2018](https://blog.mozilla.org/nnethercote/2018/06/05/how-to-speed-up-the-rust-compiler-some-more-in-2018/) |
| 2018/04/30 | [How to speed up the Rust compiler in 2018](https://blog.mozilla.org/nnethercote/2018/04/30/how-to-speed-up-the-rust-compiler-in-2018/) |
| 2016/11/23 | [How to speed up the Rust compiler some more](https://blog.mozilla.org/nnethercote/2016/11/23/how-to-speed-up-the-rust-compiler-some-more/) |
| 2016/10/14 | [How to speed up the Rust compiler](https://blog.mozilla.org/nnethercote/2016/10/14/how-to-speed-up-the-rust-compiler/) |
